src/pages/about.md, before:

---
title: Hello I'm Tay Kim.
hide_title: false
sections:
  - type: content_section
    image: images/about.jpg
    image_alt: Our team in the meeting room
    content: >-
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus vel
      venenatis augue. Suspendisse tincidunt, nibh eget sodales eleifend, lectus
      magna elementum lorem, ut bibendum tellus turpis quis risus. Vivamus
      sagittis enim est, et semper lectus hendrerit ut.


      In sollicitudin imperdiet turpis quis accumsan. Pellentesque euismod
      turpis et nisi fermentum accumsan.
  - type: grid_section
    section_id: team
    title: The Team
    subtitle: An optional subtitle of the section
    col_number: three
    grid_items:
      - type: grid_item
        title: Gustav Purpleson
        subtitle: 'Co-Founder, Creative Director'
        image: images/team-1.png
        content: >-
          Pretium aenean pharetra magna ac placerat vestibulum. Imperdiet sed
          euismod nisi porta lorem mollis.
        actions:
          - type: action
            label: Twitter
            url: 'https://twitter.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: twitter
            new_window: true
      - type: grid_item
        title: Hilary Ouse
        subtitle: 'Co-Founder, Creative Director'
        image: images/team-2.png
        content: >-
          Dictum fusce ut placerat orci nulla pellentesque. Ipsum faucibus vitae
          aliquet nec ullamcorper sit.
        actions:
          - type: action
            label: Twitter
            url: 'https://twitter.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: twitter
            new_window: true
      - type: grid_item
        title: Gordon Norman
        subtitle: Creative Producer
        image: images/team-3.png
        content: >-
          Interdum velit euismod in pellentesque massa placerat duis ultricies
          lacus.
        actions:
          - type: action
            label: Twitter
            url: 'https://twitter.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: twitter
            new_window: true
          - type: action
            label: Instagram
            url: 'https://www.instagram.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: instagram
            new_window: true
      - type: grid_item
        title: Parsley Montana
        subtitle: 'Senior Designer, Motion Graphics'
        image: images/team-4.png
        content: >-
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do
          eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.
        actions:
          - type: action
            label: Twitter
            url: 'https://twitter.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: twitter
            new_window: true
          - type: action
            label: Instagram
            url: 'https://www.instagram.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: instagram
            new_window: true
      - type: grid_item
        title: Brandon Guidelines
        subtitle: Graphic Designer
        image: images/team-5.png
        content: >-
          Mattis ullamcorper velit sed ullamcorper morbi tincidunt ornare massa
          eget.
        actions:
          - type: action
            label: Twitter
            url: 'https://twitter.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: twitter
            new_window: true
  - type: cta_section
    section_id: cta
    title: Become a Team Player
    content: >-
      We are always looking for great people to join our team. If you are
      interested in working for Agency, please send an email to
      [email@example.com](mailto:email@example.com) with your CV and which
      position you are interested in.
    image: images/cta-about.svg
    image_alt: Illustration
    bg_color: light
seo:
  type: stackbit_page_meta
  title: About Us
  description: This is the about us page
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: About Us
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the about us page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/about.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: About Us
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the about us page
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/about.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
template: advanced
---

Commit message:

about.md: updated content in sections

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
title: Hello I'm Tay Kim.
hide_title: false
sections:
  - type: content_section
    image: images/about.jpg
    image_alt: Our team in the meeting room
    content: "Having worked across Europe and Asia, I bring my strong experience in user research, UX/ UI design, and design innovation approaches to customer UX projects for a seamless digital product experience.\n\nI regard myself as a co-innovator with both end-users and solution/ business experts which I apply to create meaningful end-user experiences by simplifying complex systems and bringing concepts to life. I'm passionate about the intersection of design, technology, and business to bring disruptive, yet meaningful impacts for users, society and beyond.\n\nIn my free time, I like to run, cook, and recently started to draw children's books. I also enjoy doing just about anything with the three ladies in my life – wife and two little daughters.\n\nMore about me |\_[linkedin.com/in/tay-kim](http://www.linkedin.com/in/tay-kim)\n"
  - type: grid_section
    section_id: team
    title: The Team
    subtitle: An optional subtitle of the section
    col_number: three
    grid_items:
      - type: grid_item
        title: Gustav Purpleson
        subtitle: 'Co-Founder, Creative Director'
        image: images/team-1.png
        content: >-
          Pretium aenean pharetra magna ac placerat vestibulum. Imperdiet sed
          euismod nisi porta lorem mollis.
        actions:
          - type: action
            label: Twitter
            url: 'https://twitter.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: twitter
            new_window: true
      - type: grid_item
        title: Hilary Ouse
        subtitle: 'Co-Founder, Creative Director'
        image: images/team-2.png
        content: >-
          Dictum fusce ut placerat orci nulla pellentesque. Ipsum faucibus vitae
          aliquet nec ullamcorper sit.
        actions:
          - type: action
            label: Twitter
            url: 'https://twitter.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: twitter
            new_window: true
      - type: grid_item
        title: Gordon Norman
        subtitle: Creative Producer
        image: images/team-3.png
        content: >-
          Interdum velit euismod in pellentesque massa placerat duis ultricies
          lacus.
        actions:
          - type: action
            label: Twitter
            url: 'https://twitter.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: twitter
            new_window: true
          - type: action
            label: Instagram
            url: 'https://www.instagram.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: instagram
            new_window: true
      - type: grid_item
        title: Parsley Montana
        subtitle: 'Senior Designer, Motion Graphics'
        image: images/team-4.png
        content: >-
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do
          eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.
        actions:
          - type: action
            label: Twitter
            url: 'https://twitter.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: twitter
            new_window: true
          - type: action
            label: Instagram
            url: 'https://www.instagram.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: instagram
            new_window: true
      - type: grid_item
        title: Brandon Guidelines
        subtitle: Graphic Designer
        image: images/team-5.png
        content: >-
          Mattis ullamcorper velit sed ullamcorper morbi tincidunt ornare massa
          eget.
        actions:
          - type: action
            label: Twitter
            url: 'https://twitter.com/'
            style: icon
            icon: twitter
            new_window: true
  - type: cta_section
    section_id: cta
    title: Become a Team Player
    content: >-
      We are always looking for great people to join our team. If you are
      interested in working for Agency, please send an email to
      [email@example.com](mailto:email@example.com) with your CV and which
      position you are interested in.
    image: images/cta-about.svg
    image_alt: Illustration
    bg_color: light
seo:
  type: stackbit_page_meta
  title: About Us
  description: This is the about us page
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: About Us
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the about us page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/about.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: About Us
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the about us page
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/about.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
template: advanced
---
